Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, we're going to create new functionality to sign up.
Users know more about the asset that the controls order is are going to create in our logic.
Oh, we're going to be creating the focus it is of our job, such as signing off users, logging in
users, logging out users and holders.
Okay, now what you're going to do now is what is controller's order?
We are going to create a new PHI and we're going to call this by hot bed or this cool controller.
Then the station which is dot dot.
Okay.
Now the next thing we're going to do is we're going to create a class and can call this class or.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing you're going to do is create is a function.
Okay.
What we can do is we can just how the call that's on this.
You're going to create emotions inside of users.
Right.
So once you can.
Yes.
Galleries, we can see a portion.
So sign of users.
Okay.
Now the nest is created to function.
We can call this function sign.
Sign of users.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the next thing they're going to do is they're going to pass the required fields.
That is our fields that I'm going to go to.
You have to know the first field they need is the full name.
We need the username.
We need the email.
We need to do a password as well.
Okay, now we're going to pass it to the function.
Okay.
The first field you need is the full name, right?
Just a full disclosure name.
Now, this is a test, right?
So it's going to be a data type of.
Strange became designated contrary to the disorder.
Okay, now the other field.
Just the practice.
Okay.
Now, the other field manager, there's the username, email and password.
So it is going to be using them as well.
Okay.
Is this going to be a type of test?
This is going to be a different type of string as well.
Right.
Okay.
The next field in it is the.
Email, which is also a test of data type or strength.
We also need that password, which is as well it says.
So it's going to be a type of string.
Okay.
Now as well, we are going to be needed to image.
Right.
But it will do that later.
I want you to understand all the process so we can easily pass in the image as well.
Okay.
Was I going to do that?
It's okay.
Okay.
Now the nesting is over here as it is.
I think you're going to see this shortly.
That is why we decided this.
Okay, great.
Now, what I'm going to do next is we are going to check on some validation or do some validation check
or this feels we just have that is we have about 40.
That's right.
So what's it going to do?
This is revenue gave so validation check.
Okay.
So to do this what we can say we can use it try and catch now to have access to the cards easily, you
can just go down to this part of okay, now you can see we have to try out the cash at once.
Okay.
First of all, what we can do is.
Whether you are going to create a report that is going to start to constitute heroes so we can create
a vehicle called race and you can say is equal to some.
Some error occurred.
Okay.
Now, this is a type of test because it is a test, right?
So there's going to be a type of string.
Okay, great.
You're going to break this down, then a little bit is down.
Okay.
Now, the next thing I want to do is do some validation check.
So to do this, we tend to try what you can do.
We can use and use statements.
Then we can see if full or this call name.
Dot is not empty.
And.
The username Dutch is not.
But it's not empty.
Okay.
And.
The email Dutch is not empty.
Right.
Okay.
Then lastly, we're going to say, aren't there passwords?
So it is not every.
That is.
That is not.
And.
See.
Okay, I think.
Okay, class.
What?
Okay, great.
Now, if all the skills are not empty.
Then.
Right.
Then what you're going to do is if all those fields are not empty that want to create a user and or
another go to create that user in the authentication tab.
Okay.
You can see that was the reason we have to store the these hearts.
Now we can easily just see if all those fields are not empty.
Then we're going to see Firebase.
Firebase.
I have these.
So he's going to be coming to the family's heart.
Then thought is just that dirt.
Creates user rich email passwords.
You can see it automatically past those two fields.
Okay.
Let's go on to this amazing wall between.
Now, what you're going to do is we're going to create a vehicle to store your hobbies auto distance,
because you're going to be using that until they decide, okay, they're going to go.
So I can start by.
Now what you can do.
We can just give you comments of a look and see if there's.
Via.
Please.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is you can create a video called Firebase or it is going to store the Firebase.
Levees Art.
The East is not the instance of all four.
So what is the other?
So we did it.
Okay.
Now.
What you're going to do is if all the fields are not empty, right, then you're going to see if Firebase
does.
So maybe first of all, it's a light.
It's the youth.
Coltrane daughter that's important.
That's so recorded by our base.
All right.
Okay, great.
If for any reason you do this imported, you can click on it.
Let's.
It's incredible to watch.
Imported it.
Okay.
So we're going to say does PBS user with email our password.
Now you can see it automatically pass the email password.
Now this ought to create user is going to have this or this so called email add password.
Okay.
But now you can see we also want to know more about the user.
So we also have the feed called the full name and.
Human Rights Watch.
Like I said, the families are also part email or password, but in the future they also going to learn
on how to store the full name, the email as well, and also the image.
Okay, great.
So by doing just this, we have automatically created a function to create the user.
Okay.
Now once the kid, as we all do, is we can store this in.
A variable that can still do results in the variable.
We can study results in a way because it's going to be equal to this.
Now, this is going to be a type of user.
Is a curry dish.
It is a type of user credential.
Now, the next thing is you are with the file webinar, which for the files is odd.
And that was the reason we passed is because the other way to use the are which you need to pass is
sync over the function.
Okay.
So what you can see is wait.
Great.
Now the case is going to make this wider.
Okay.
Now what's we can do?
Now, remember, this is a variable this way for.
This is a very important story in the results of the firebase or it creates user with the email possible
so it automatically has the details of that user.
So what you can do is screens
3.33.1.
Okay.
User your email.
Okay, great.
Now we are going to pass this as provided.
This is Michel to say something like that as well.
Was able to do this is all that is variable right.
So what we can do we can say is is equal to sources.
That is only is because you are can see this result authority.
Then we want to create the user with the email and password.
Right.
And also we want to change the user username to the broadcaster and also sources.
Okay.
Great.
Not for the cash or ticket.
There is rest because of the proviso, because it is required to eat.
That is based on a small error.
It's too strict.
Okay.
We can we on.
Richard Grace.
Okay, great, great.
Now you can see all those streets.
So what you can do as well, since we are using clouds, is because it is as is usual some of the time.
You don't need you to go nice.
Okay.
So you can see it is it doesn't string this.
Okay, great.
Now, what that is to saying is, if this is not data to go all to create the user with the password
that will take the user that user name to the default also and as well.
So this is based on the message you see, so says, okay, now what is all this?
What is all this abuse?
And what we can do is we can see it has a via abs, right.
Because here is this equal to.
These.
You can't just have these.
This was not the.
Instead to pay.
Great.
Okay then we don't do this now.
It is absolutely fine.
Grandmother It is a couple of times again.
Right.
Okay, now please continue.
It is simply fine.
Okay, now look, it is about a year in advance that you're looking for all these functions up here.
Right.
Okay, everybody.
Now, what you said was the period you focused on in the past and feel that we also created a greater
regard to store the possible hero which says of error occurred.
Otherwise it says since it ties on straight that okay, we have to try to block it.
We'll just simply say to try to block is if all the skills are not.
Incidentally, you want to create the user that as well we store that created user in array because
read this is a type of user created issue that as well we are trying to the user to do the block also
as well.
Also, we are we don't need the social services.
Okay.
We said how about this?
If this feels empty that if the user did not do in the fields and also he told the message which is
these fields was not the empty else.
That's what the sorry to go to is what it costs.
You said if orders are not made.
So probably there are some other heroes apart from all this, then we want to to the hero, right?
So that's what we basically say.
So in in this lecture, they're going to call this, which are part side of these to see the results
like, okay, okay, guys, see you in this lecture.